# Project Management Committee Meeting 2020-09-14

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 16 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:


### Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight

 1. Opensource community developers are very concerned about the OpenHarmony version evolution roadmap. So each PMC member need to give the planning work of the next phase which and disscuss with each other at the next PMC meeting.  -- owner: All PMC member
 2. Resolved codestyle check failed issue on the gitee -- owner: dongjinguang
 3. Need to clarify the OpenHarmony roadmap timeline -- owner: wangjing


### Open discussion

 1. Commit message format request:
 - All description should be English
 - Commit message format:
     - Description:[fix]/[feature]/[workaround] Generally Description
     - Bug: Issue number
     - Test: Give the detailed test verification procedure
 2. To improve development efficiency and reduce maintenance workload, needs to determine internal and external branches sync policy asap. -- owner: dongjinguang & zhangmingxiu


