# Project Management Committee Meeting 2020-12-07

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 16 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:
 1. Opensource community developers are very concerned about the OpenHarmony version evolution roadmap. So each PMC member need to give the planning work of the next phase which and disscuss with each other at the next PMC meeting. -- owner: All PMC member
 
| Plan | Period | Proposer | Progress | Status |
|--------------|:--------------:|:--------------:|:--------------:|:--------------:|
| Provide Dockerfile and Docker image for Developers to compiler and flash image in the same enviroment  | Oct | dongjinguang | 2020-11-08: https://gitee.com/openharmony/docs/pulls/160 | Close |
| Accepting PR of porting 3rd dev board Application for the Code of L0/L1 Non-HiSilicon Chips |	Dec 2020	| dongjinguang	| 2020-11-08: Cotex-m refactor https://gitee.com/openharmony/kernel_liteos_m/pulls/5  | Processing |
| separate ringbuffer managerment from hilog & hievent virtual driver | Dec 2020 | stesen | 2020-11-08: Basic functions have been verified and will upstream to mainline. | Open |
| Read muti-log at one time implement for hilog | Dec 2020 | stesen | 2020-11-08: Basic functions have been verified and will upstream to mainline. | Open |
| Reader session implement for hilog | Dec 2020 | stesen | 2020-11-08: Basic functions have been verified and will upstream to mainline. | Open |
| Components and animation enhancement | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2020-11-08: To be completed by end of 2020 | Open |
| Percentage relative layout support | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2020-11-08: To be completed by end of 2020 | Open |
| Event bubbling support | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2020-11-08: To be completed by end of 2020 | Open |
| Develop a platform driver models such as GPIO SPI, and I2C ... to facilitate the support of the 3rd-party soc development board. | Nov 2020 | Scott | 2020-11-08: need to provide the PR link| Close |
| Optimization redundant code of the public basic library | Jan 2021 | blue.xiaofeng | 2020-11-08: Delay to 202101 |Open |
| Upgraded the communication (include IPC) to slove the problem of intercommunicate between Low wight device witch rich Harmony device | Dec 2020 | yinyouzhan | 2020-11-08: No manpower is invested, need to further evaluate the risk of delay | Open |
| Refactor multimedia foundation and add DRM framework support | Apr 2021 | tanliwen | 2020-11-08: Completed the development of basic histreamer functions and planned to be released in March next year. The lite OpenHarmony remains current Arch  | Open |
| Prepare Linux version, code compliance rectification | Dec 2020 | yuanwenhong | 2020-11-08: need to provide the release schedule | Open |
| Communicaton mechaanism between Ability deployed on different devices | Dec 2020 | lijiarun | 2020-11-08: Ability deployed on different devices depend on the communication subsystem | Open |
| Adjust  external compilation dependencies | Dec 2020 | wangxing | 2020-11-08: need to provide progress | Open |
| Supports the installation of multiple HAP packages | Apr 2021 | wangzhen | 2020-11-08: The business has been switched to application framework team | Open |
| Support transition animation between abilities | Apr 2021 | wangzhen | 2020-11-08: no progress | Open |


2. Need to clarify the OpenHarmony roadmap timeline -- owner: aiyongfu/zhangmingxiu
  - Not finished and have been delayed long time

3. [Feature Request] Add Light-weight AI framework to OHOS, will be release initial version on OpenHarmony by end of 2020. owner: :lifu2@huawei.com
  - Processing

4. Likailong analyzed and designed the solution for third-party development boards. Need to communicate with the Atomic open source foundation contributor and try to accept the corresponding PR. owern: chenfen and Likailong
  - Finished

5. Hope the HiStreamer multimedia system could be integrated to OpenHarmony dev branch ASAP, to support scenario such as drones and motion cameras and so on. owner -- tanliwen
  - Not finished

6. [Feature Request] Connectivity capability enhancement for OpenHarmony, have been approved on PMC meeting. Detailed architecture design description and compatibility issues with internal CoAP solutions need to be provided. owner: :nagesh.shamnur@huawei.com
  - Open

7. [Feature Request] Python development for OpenHarmony, which have been approved on PMC meeting. In order to be accepted and upstream to the OpenHarmony main-line, there are three items need to be pay attention: 1) Make the module into a component, which could be easily configure through macro definition; 2) Make an assessment of ROM/RAM resource consumption so as to support KB-level devices; 3) For references to third-party open source software( such as micro-python), please archive them in the third_party directory. owner: delphi_tang@dt4sw.com
  - Processing

### Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight

 1. There os only compile detection was integrated on the OpenHarmony CI/CD, and does not have real devices or simulated environments detection, which have raise daily version problem. The CI/CD engineering tool must be deployed asap. ownerï¼šwangyiming 00335618
  - Processing


### Open discussion
