# Project Management Committee Meeting 2020-09-28

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 18 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:
 1. Opensource community developers are very concerned about the OpenHarmony version evolution roadmap. So each PMC member need to give the planning work of the next phase which and disscuss with each other at the next PMC meeting.  -- owner: All PMC member
 
| Plan | Period | Proposer |
|--------------|:--------------:|:--------------:|
| Provide Dockerfile and Docker image for Developers to compiler and flash image in the same enviroment  | Oct | dongjinguang |
| Accepting PR of porting 3rd dev board Application for the Code of L0/L1 Non-HiSilicon Chips | Oct | dongjinguang |
| Provide documents for the above projects | Now | dongjinguang |
| Develop a common driver models such as MTD, MMC, SPI, and I2C ... to facilitate the support of the 3rd-party soc development board. | Need to Confirm | chenfeng |
| Kernel space: trace/debug, file system optimization, and musl interface adaptation of the C library | Need to Confirm | lijiarun |
| User space tool: network TCP dump, memory check | Need to Confirm | lijiarun |
| ACE UI switching effect | Need to Confirm | lubo |
| Globalization capability improvement | Need to Confirm | lubo |
| Optimization redundant code of the public basic library | Need to Confirm | xiaofeng |
| Unify the compile system for HOS L0~L5 | Need to Confirm | wangxing |
| Plug-in platform Hievent (include error code), HiTrace | Need to Confirm | mayaohui |
| Optimize the ring-buffer performance for Hilog | Need to Confirm | mayaohui |
| Upgraded the communication protocol( include IPC ) to solve the problem of intercommunicate between Low wight device with rich Harmony devie. | Need to Confirm | yinyouzhan |
| Need to Provide roadmap | Need to Confirm | lijiarun |
| Need to Provide roadmap | Need to Confirm | futianfu and yangxuan |
| Need to Provide roadmap | Need to Confirm | tanliwen |
| Need to Provide roadmap | Need to Confirm | yuanwenhong |

 2. Resolved codestyle check failed issue on the gitee -- owner: dongjinguang
  - Have been resolved
  
 3. Need to clarify the OpenHarmony roadmap timeline -- owner: wangjing/zhangmingxiu/panxiaoqun
  - Not finished and have been delayed

 4. To improve development efficiency and reduce maintenance workload, needs to determine internal and external branches sync policy asap. -- owner: zhangmingxiu/panxiaoquan

### Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight

 1. The following compilation requirements are raised by the OpenAtom Foundation's liangkelai for supportting the 3rd-party development board:
  - Hope to support each single component compile
  - There are many compilation dependency options for new 3rd-party development board configuration file, which depend on the HiSi vendor code.
  - Hope to provide the menuconfig mechanism which similar to that of Linux menuconfig mechanism
  owner: wangxing

### Open discussion
 1. OpenAtom Foundation's Luo Wei proposoal :
 - 3rd party development board code repository for PR needs to be specified, which could be placed under the vendor/hisi or device/hisi, need to confirm within this week. owner: chenfeng/wanchengzhen/wenjun/dongjinguang
 - Maintainer for 3rd party development board code repository,  we sugguest that it is maintained by the contributor and Huawei public at initial stage, and will be gradually transferred the maintainer role to the real contributor.
 - For the porting 3rd party development board, there are too many boards and chips, we suggest to maintain one or two board, and provide detailed porting instructions to new 3rd board or chip platform.
