# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-03-29

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 6 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:
Topic1: Pre-review of the OpenHamony PMC & Committer Community Operation Mechanism and Appointment  -- dongjinguang
1. To adapt to OpenHarmony community development, the PMC has 23 SIG groups, which correspond to different subsystems and service domains.
2. For community-based development requirements, the SIG needs to create a requirement list on the Gitee and associate it with the version iteration plan so that ecosystem partners and external developers can understand the evolution roadmap of OpenHarmony.
3. Huawei's attributes should be gradually weakened in subsequent PMC meetings. Tencent meeting/zoom is recommended for the meeting link and OpenAtom Foundation template is recommended for materials.
4.  PMCs and committers are regularly elected by voting.

Topic2: [Feature Request] Create Littefs new filesystem, there is no suitable fs for nor flash on m-core chipset  -- LiZan
1. Introduce the littlefs third-party file system for the liteos_m core.  there are some need to focus on as follows:
(1) Different types of file systems need to be dynamically configured and tailored in different application scenarios.
(2) The lite_m kernel file system uses VFS to design the normalized file system interface.
(3) Establish the ROM and RAM baselines for the littlefs. Need to consider the ROM space consuming for current development board, because there have been reported insufficient free space on Hi3518 board.
2. To solve the problem of  insufficient free space on Hi3518, need to sort the ROM/RAM baseline of each subsystem for newly introduced modules. 

Topic3: [Feature Request] Create new repository and adjustment hievent kernel driver for OpenHarmony L0-L1 -- MaYaoHui
1. No need to adjustment after evaluation.

Topic4: Issue & PR SLA Requirements for OpenHarmony Community  -- XingWenHua
1. OpenSouce Community features need to be created in the Gitee issue and released to the OpenSource community.
2. The handling of community bugs, issues, and mailing lists must meet the SLA requirements.# TensorFlow Special Interest Groups (SIGs)

### Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight


### Open discussion
