 # Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-10-14
 
 ### Attendance:
 The attendance have reached quorum with 10 participants in the meeting.
 
 ### Agenda:
 
  1. Please review list [No4~6](https://etherpad.openharmony.cn/p/pmc)

 
 
 ### Minute of Meeting:
 
Topc1: Proposal for creating Smart terminal platform sig
1. Reject, please further decompose the SIG into specific technical directions or join into the existing SIG area


Topic2: Design the graduate standard for devboard sig
1. Combining the demands of the OpenHarmony south ecology developement and devboard sig requirement, sort out the graduate standards forOpenHarmony devboard. owner:[likailong](https://gitee.com/kkup180)

 
 # Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 
 
 ### Open discussion
