# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-05-10

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 8 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:

Topic1: Review of community security activity specifications and guideline requirements
1. Agree that the community security coding standards and security design standards will be released online;
2. The implementation of the security design specification requires specific requirements and supplementary examples in the relevant templates;
3. Need to confirm with release SIG Leader for network security quality landing; owner: [@mazhanfu](https://gitee.com/fma66169) [@yujing](jing.yu@huawei.com)
4. The principle of community taboo characteristics which is checked on CI in the community needs to confirm with QA-SIG; owner:  [@yujing](jing.yu@huawei.com) [@xingwenhua](https://gitee.com/xhuazi)


Topic2: Decision for the proposal OTA sig creating
1. Need to confirm with Basic-Software-Service-SIG leader [@zhangxiaotian](https://gitee.com/handyohos); owner: [@Jianyu Liu](jianyu.liu@huawei.com)




# Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight


### Open discussion
