# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-02-01

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 10 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:
 1. Opensource community developers are very concerned about the OpenHarmony version evolution roadmap. So each PMC member need to give the planning work of the next phase which and disscuss with each other at the next PMC meeting. -- owner: All PMC member
 
| Plan | Period | Proposer | Progress | Status |
|--------------|:--------------:|:--------------:|:--------------:|:--------------:|
| Provide Dockerfile and Docker image for Developers to compiler and flash image in the same enviroment  | Oct | dongjinguang | 2020-11-08: https://gitee.com/openharmony/docs/pulls/160 | Close |
| Accepting PR of porting 3rd dev board Application for the Code of L0/L1 Non-HiSilicon Chips |	Feb 2021	| dongjinguang	| 2021-01-18: Cotex-m refactor has been finished, and the migration guide document will be released on 2.10 | Processing |
| Components and animation enhancement | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Processing |
| Percentage relative layout support | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Processing |
| Event bubbling support | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Open |
| Develop a platform driver models such as GPIO SPI, and I2C ... to facilitate the support of the 3rd-party soc development board. | Nov 2020 | Scott | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Processing |
| Optimization redundant code of the public basic library | Jan 2021 | blue.xiaofeng | 2021-01-18: Absent meeting and delay to 202102 |Open |
| Refactor multimedia foundation and add DRM framework support | Apr 2021 | tanliwen | 2021-01-18: Level1 POSIX interfaces are incomplete, the HiStreamer framework needs to be tailored and adapted. | Open |
| Prepare Linux version, code compliance rectification | Dec 2020 | yuanwenhong | 2021-01-18: Media and graphics module still have some problem. Hope it could be finished on February 28  | Open |
| Adjust  external compilation dependencies | Dec 2020 | wangxing | 2021-01-18: Absent meeting and need to provide progress | Open |


2. [Feature Request] Add Light-weight AI framework to OHOS, will be release initial version on OpenHarmony by end of 2020. owner: :lifu2@huawei.com
  - Having finished and will opensource on Feb 2021

3. [XTS CI access controlf for API] OpenHarmony API modification control strategy :
 - Conclusion:
 (1) Agree to add open-source API modification control policies for code building. Before the implement, we need to know how to ensure the synchronization policy during force upstream (unsolved issue 1).
 (2) Agree to requirement that developers must submit XTS test when submitting API modifications.
 - Unsolved Issues
 (1) How to ensure sync policy that the PMC force upstream new APIs into main branch? Owner: Gao Hanyi
 (2) Organize all OpenHarmony PMCs and committers to provide XTS suite development training to guide subsequent XTS development of all subsystem. Owner: Ji Yong 

### Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight


### Open discussion
