 # Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-08-19
 
 ### Attendance:
 The attendance have reached quorum with 8 participants in the meeting.
 
 ### Agenda:
 
  1. Please review list [No20~28](https://shimo.im/sheets/N2A1MZgDZxfbBVAD/MODOC)

 
 
 ### Minute of Meeting:
 
 Topic 1: Easily transport thirdparty dev board task
 - 1. Unified HDI interface for graphics, media, and input has been defined.
 - 2. Audio, Camera, and Input have provided chip-independent reference implementation codes, which are in the corresponding hal directory.
 - 3. Display's corresponding display memory, hardware synthesis and Layer parts have been achived agree with HISI team, and agree to contribute DRM to the open source community, and refactoring is being implemented;
 - 4. Codec and format are currently under planning. Recommended to recruit third-party development to provide open source implementations.
 - 5. Agree to solution of"Linux Kernel Portability Enhancement Overall Plan", it will be tracked on kernel sig.


 Topic 2: OpenHarmony input application development strategy
 - 1. Agree that the input appliation developed in open source strategy, and it is recommended to discuss the supporting Chinese with the develop team.
 - 2. Agree to postpone the camera application to the 930 LTS plan.

 Topic 3: Proposal for creating OLA sig
 - 1. Postpone to next time.
 
 Topic 4: Proposal for creating robot os platform sig
 - 1. Postpone to next time.
 
 Topic 5: Proposal for creating Taro sig
 - 1. Postpone to next time. 
 
 Topic 6: Proposal for creating industrial Paas platform SIG 
 - 1. Agree the proposal
 
 
 topic 7: Proposal for creating educational information platform SIG
 - 1. Agree the proposal
 
 topic 8: Proposal for creating SIG Docs and OpenHarmony community document development process
 - 1. Agree the proposal.
 
 topic 9: Creating OpenHarmony Github mirror repository
 - 1. Agree the proposal.
 
 # Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 
 
 ### Open discussion
