# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-07-22

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 7 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:

Topic 1: Proposal for solution-component
- 1. The basic OS capability has not been incorporated into the openharmony project, should be embeded in the form of vendor repository.

Topic 2: QEMU Progress Report
- 1. Agree to the repository of vendor_ohemu will be accepted into OpenHarmony project.

Topic 3: Proposal the ark toolchain and runtime as a default runtime of OpenHarmony
- 1. Agree the proposal

Topic 4: Proposal for creating blockchain sig
- 1. As a part of project of security sig

Topic 5: Proposal for creating Python SIG
- 1. The code of the SIG group has been refactored and will setup in OpenHarmony SIG group.


Topic 6: Proposal for creating CICD SIG
- 1. Suggest to rename as infrastructure SIG and will setup in OpenHarmony SIG group.


topic 7: Porting thirdparty devboard requirements for OpenHarmony
- 1. It is tracked by some special issue.

topic 8: Proposal for creating Linkboy sig
- 1. Agree the proposal and establish education sig.


# Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight


### Open discussion

