 # Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-09-08
 
 ### Attendance:
 The attendance have reached quorum with 8 participants in the meeting.
 
 ### Agenda:
 
  1. Please review list [No29~31](https://gitee.com/dongjinguang/community/blob/master/meeting-notes/PMC-meeting-agent.xlsx)

 
 
 ### Minute of Meeting:
 
Topic 1: Proposal the European project Oniro which base on OpenHarmony to build a repository on Gitee
 - 1. PMC agreed to establish a separate Eclipse Oniro project organization outside the master branch
 - 2. PMC agrees to provide the European team with VM resources for testing
 - 3. The name of the project organization and the use of the OpenHarmony trademark need to be clarified with legal affairs
 - 4. It is necessary to clarify business issues related to foundation and CI, etc. with the Eclipse organization.

Topic 2: OpenHarmony OS system capabilities and application decoupling function
 - 1. Agree the proposal

Topic 3: OpenHarmony PMC members nominated
 - 1. Agree the proposal of following members to join PMC as new members
 ```
高泉（gaoquan@huawei.com） https://gitee.com/gaoquan2020
强波（qiangbo2@huawei.com） https://gitee.com/huawei_qiangbo
鲜余强（xianyuqiang@huawei.com）https://gitee.com/klooer
余枝强（yuzhiqiang5@huawei.com）https://gitee.com/yuzhiqiang101
梁克雷（xzmu@openatom.org）https://gitee.com/xzmu
黄明龙（minglong@iscas.ac.cn） https://gitee.com/minglonghuang
李家欣（nina.lijiaxin@huawei.com）https://gitee.com/ninalijiaxin
谭利文（tanliwen1@huawei.com） https://gitee.com/tanliwen1
马耀辉（stesen.ma@huawei.com） https://gitee.com/stesen
赵文华（zhaowenhua@huawei.com）https://gitee.com/shidi_snow
丁勇（yongding.dingyong@huawei.com）https://gitee.com/ding-yong
王再尚（wangzaishang@huawei.com）https://gitee.com/wangzaishang
 ```


 
 # Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 
 
 ### Open discussion
