# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-01-04

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 11 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:
 1. Opensource community developers are very concerned about the OpenHarmony version evolution roadmap. So each PMC member need to give the planning work of the next phase which and disscuss with each other at the next PMC meeting. -- owner: All PMC member
 
| Plan | Period | Proposer | Progress | Status |
|--------------|:--------------:|:--------------:|:--------------:|:--------------:|
| Provide Dockerfile and Docker image for Developers to compiler and flash image in the same enviroment  | Oct | dongjinguang | 2020-11-08: https://gitee.com/openharmony/docs/pulls/160 | Close |
| Accepting PR of porting 3rd dev board Application for the Code of L0/L1 Non-HiSilicon Chips |	Feb 2021	| dongjinguang	| 2021-01-18: Cotex-m refactor has been finished, and the migration guide document will be released on 2.10 | Processing |
| separate ringbuffer managerment from hilog & hievent virtual driver | Dec 2020 | stesen | 2021-01-18: Tracking the issue in the product requirement, and will not tracked in the open source community | Close |
| Reader session implement for hilog | Dec 2020 | stesen | 2021-01-18: Tracking the issue in the product requirement, and will not tracked in the open source community | Close |
| Components and animation enhancement | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Processing |
| Percentage relative layout support | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Processing |
| Event bubbling support | Jan 2021 | Borne | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Open |
| Develop a platform driver models such as GPIO SPI, and I2C ... to facilitate the support of the 3rd-party soc development board. | Nov 2020 | Scott | 2021-01-18: It will release together with component-based rectification on Feb 28 | Processing |
| Optimization redundant code of the public basic library | Jan 2021 | blue.xiaofeng | 2021-01-18: Absent meeting and delay to 202102 |Open |
| Upgraded the communication (include IPC) to slove the problem of intercommunicate between Low wight device witch rich Harmony device | Dec 2020 | yinyouzhan | 2021-01-18: Tracking the issue in the product requirement, and will not tracked in the open source community | Close |
| Refactor multimedia foundation and add DRM framework support | Apr 2021 | tanliwen | 2021-01-18: Level1 POSIX interfaces are incomplete, the HiStreamer framework needs to be tailored and adapted. | Open |
| Prepare Linux version, code compliance rectification | Dec 2020 | yuanwenhong | 2021-01-18: Media and graphics module still have some problem. Hope it could be finished on February 28  | Open |
| Communicaton mechaanism between Ability deployed on different devices | Dec 2020 | lijiarun | 2021-01-04: Track the issue in the product requirement, and was not tracked in the open source community. | Close |
| Adjust  external compilation dependencies | Dec 2020 | wangxing | 2021-01-18: Absent meeting and need to provide progress | Open |
| Supports the installation of multiple HAP packages | Apr 2021 | wangzhen | 2021-01-04: Tracking the feature in product requirement, not tracked in the open source community | Close |
| Support transition animation between abilities | Apr 2021 | wangzhen | 2021-01-04: Tracking the feature in product requirement, not tracked in the open source community | Close |


2. Need to clarify the OpenHarmony roadmap timeline -- owner: aiyongfu/zhangmingxiu
  - Not finished and have been delayed long time

3. [Feature Request] Add Light-weight AI framework to OHOS, will be release initial version on OpenHarmony by end of 2020. owner: :lifu2@huawei.com
  - Having finished and will opensource on Jan 2021

4. [Feature Request] Connectivity capability enhancement for OpenHarmony, have been approved on PMC meeting. Detailed architecture design description and compatibility issues with internal CoAP solutions need to be provided. owner: nagesh.shamnur@huawei.com yinyouzhan
  - Processing

5. [Feature Request] SIG for toolchain, OTA, reST/Sphynx doc have been approved by PMC team, but there are some request :
 - Toolchain part should focus on clang compiler part, IDE no need be apporved by PMC and should be disscussed on IDE team
 - OTA part should firstly focus on L0/L1 device, and try to support commercial case, not just as a toys
 - Document part should be support directly edit and sync with website. owner: michael.wangke@huawei.com jianyu.liu@huawei.com
  - Processing 

### Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight

 1. There os only compile detection was integrated on the OpenHarmony CI/CD, and does not have real devices or simulated environments detection, which have raise daily version problem. The CI/CD engineering tool must be deployed asap. ownerï¼šwangyiming 00335618
  - Processing


### Open discussion
