# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-06-28

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 7 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:

Topic 1: Commonly used front-end module SIG for application service development
 - Will be review on next PMC meeting

Topic 2: ACE application framework PC preview and introduction of tripartite development
 - Agree to introduce the glfw third-party software for PC preview
 - Need to confirming that the glfw third-party software could be auto added to the open source NOTICE.html through SDK compiling. owner: [wuhaibing](wuhaibin5@huawei.com)

Topic 3: Suggestions on improving the community governance mechanism
 - The PMC agrees with the recommendations on improving the community governance mechanism.
 - Based on the improvement points, the community development process, SIG specifications and templates could be provide optimization PR. owner: [liuguo](https://gitee.com/guoguoliu)
 - The PMC need to organizes the optimization for the 10-minute quick start and proposal template for large feature proposal.
 - The User Group team is added to the OpenHarmony community to collect and gain insights into end user requirements, and regularly communicate with the PMC/SIG team owner to close the problem. Need to established the user group team. owner: [liangkelei](https://gitee.com/xzmu)
 - The member level is added to the community member category, and try to implement and configure automatic. owner: [huangminglong](https://gitee.com/minglonghuang) [mamingshuai](https://gitee.com/landwind)


Topic 4: Importing nghttp2 protocal for softbus sig
 - OpenHarmony will not directly expose the interfaces of third-party open source application components to the system, disagree that nghttp2 is used as an independent three-party component to open a warehouse and merge into openharmony
 - If the business is needed, the JS interface to the application must be design.  owner: [zhangjian](zhangjian112@huawei.com)

Topic 5: Review the OpenHarmony version test report template
 - Agree the content of the test report in the community.
 - Archived in the directory of community/release-management/qa. owner: [jiyong](https://gitee.com/jiyong)
 - Recommended to simply the inherited features be simplified. owner: [jiyong](https://gitee.com/jiyong)

# Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight


### Open discussion
