 # Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-09-30
 
 ### Attendance:
 The attendance have reached quorum with 12 participants in the meeting.
 
 ### Agenda:
 
  1. Please review list [No1~3](https://etherpad.openharmony.cn/p/pmc)

 
 
 ### Minute of Meeting:
 
Topic1: Login easy sig creation
1. Agree to set up sig and introduce Huawei account system committer to join at the same time

Topic2: Special planning for community quality development
1. Agree the proposal of the community quality development planning;
2. For Committer and others quality control issues, need to be quantified and apply into committer/sig/PMC's promotion and withdrawal --owner: [xingwenhua](https://gitee.com/xhuazi)

Topic3: Optimization for OpenHarmony's basic concept
1. For the term names such as FA/PA in Ability, recommended to update the PA name to avoid conflicts between Particle Ability with Page Ability, and it is not recommended to abbreviate  for Page Ability. -- owner: [niuhui](niuhui@huawei.com)
2. The problem of service name is too generalization, suggest to keep the current description, and add attributives to clarify the scene when using it. Special for IDE's new project name of service, recomment to change to Atom Service.   --owner: [hulin](hulin.hulin@huawei.com)
3. For the inconsistency of OpenHarmony different subsystem, the device names such as Mini, Small, Standard, L0/L1/L2, etc., will unified operating system in three forms: Mini, Small, Standard; components are in two forms: Lite, standard components. --owner: [wanchengzhen](https://gitee.com/wanchengzhen)
4. The Ability name of the drive framework module is under internal rectification, and the code and documentation are to be updated simultaneously. The KAL name in OSAL and system framework is not modified. --owner: [houxuanzhe](https://gitee.com/zianed)
5. Since the bundle of the hpm bundle is a concept of building, it is more appropriate to use package name, and rename it. --owner: [wangyiming](youthdragon.wangyiming@huawei.com)
6. The southbound/northbound interface is a general expression, unified it by adding FAQ description.  owner: [yangni] (https://gitee.com/neeen)
 
 # Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 
 
 ### Open discussion
